here we go three flag is our underway
out first of four feature event so we go
as it turns number one in two up to the
outside yo Sam Kersey msfts you leave
the charge madoski looks down low
looking for the number two spot looking
it by carissa he'll do so right there
with them comes to number three of
pulling her as I so for cars race at the
front of this one often for the Pacific
so let's see what turns on earth I sky
Wow Rosie they go once a Speedway
together that with the door for four
walls account on the bottom cap out of
open to write off like the red sea de
proposers wall just dull but to their
that chunk is up to second on the
outside for Walters dental though side
by side they battled a quarter number
three here comes our first feature went
here on eagles performers bps 100 fuels
night goes to the 17 of truck bulova de
lavit Chuck football pick oh yeah a
third last and very real in a minute
ain't nowhere to go and half way to go
he took over two leading and just work
then staying in the front the ladies and
gentlemen the Lord's car racing
GM up to the field down the back surely
person makes up with one jet
off the turn they come what number one
of the book your leader is going to be
the upside down you're on the front
straightaway correct white coming out as
we got the downlow off again for Mackey
inside he takes over we're working out
last embers
back on flying in the air pill works it
into the Turnagain by tell us to go to
the interior
to get back by of nouns he drifts up off
the corner but its vitality for the new
as we work to three have worn from
seventh to third in one lap Shepherd on
the bottom
my jolly man Shepherd off the turn
is for our feature winner the driver
well I got off of it and just trying to
conserve as I could tell that my tire i
overheated it but then I seen that car
come on as I like heck for that I'm
gonna gun it every time I go at the
corner and hopefully I could get them
and we did I think it's probably because
of the doníts motor and the scar and
mcdowell race indeed they've been
excellent everybody's been hoping to
salvage
off the corner number four we go number
one zacharias to the lead Carlson
therefore the two spot that it's Kimble
now also with the three-car battle
immediately at the front of this field
as it works at church number three and
four hang on as crops just took it out
on the orange go off before in Zechariah
cheerleader boy there's no patience out
here tonight
oh look at that rice going around
here and report coming in which is not
difficult to figure out 27 is done for
the night that's it figure to the pit
and not highly thinking the calories
charged it up there and again there it
is the opens door here comes Corey
Parker dalbo Parker to the leaves that
was a brilliant driving news by Corey
Parker great anticipation here to meet
short life and it turns three and four
get Barger get back Iran objecting slip
on the outside is the eggs into turn
markers they're fine to go when it makes
for the lead on lap number 20 and the
meek shall inherit the wind and he goes
off the fourth turn and Jack needs get
the land Corey Parker's second through
this bird boy ladies and gentlemen a
hand for your city can sportsman feature
with a jumper the number one Jack
yeah I got it back of 44 under one of
them konshens I thought I think about my
axles kind of loose up front but I had
to run atop I couldn't hang the bottle
for nothing
we're going
Brown leads up from the NAM his starting
spot in this one up to the corner I
thrown my bath off of to babcock
pulls up with brown bow bow for the lead
as they go into tears number two three
and four
oh don't do it
Isabel and babcock it is about three
line down
slow Isabelle looks high Babcock tries
the middle there's a bell sandwich and
the physical boys write it again
brothers side-by-side Paris I coach a
C's into the back end of
in one battle for the lead Jeff is
involves going to have it off of turn
number two and now here comes Mike Mo
look amigo fine so Jeff Isabel jr. takes
the top spot now it's go back to the
runner-up position as they work your way
through the turn double checkers for
Jeff is it all junior
just the car is on blue i spent a fast
past couple weeks and i'm happy my
brother's car staying together because
now I can actually beat him and I
deserve it